Cutter docs update (#2259)
radareorg/cutter: docs/source/contributing/code/development-guidelines.rst

- ``CutterCore::cmdRaw(<command>)`` - Executes a single radare2 command 
  without going through radare2 shell functionality like output redirects, grep, and multiple command parsing.

The command then returns its output. This should be used when a command doesn't have output or the output should be handled as-is. If possible, using the JSON variation with ``cmdj`` is always preferred.
  
- ``CutterCore::cmdRawAt(<command>, <address>)`` - Executes a single radare2 command in a given address and returns the output. This helps avoiding weird strings concatenation like ``cmd("ph " + hash + " @ " + QString::num(address))``.
  
- ``CutterCore::cmd()`` - *(Discouraged)* Only use it when ``cmdj`` or ``cmdRaw`` cannot be used. This is used for complex commands using concatenation of several commands (``px 5; pd 7; afl;``), for grepping (``pd 5~call``). for commands inside commands (``?e `afn.```) and so on.

>   This is also used when the output is complex and does not get parsed correctly in ``cmdRaw``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is also used when the output is complex and is not parsed correctly in ``cmdRaw``.
```

This syntax performs compile-time type checks and allows the use of lambda
functions. Other approaches for connecting signals silently break at runtime.

General Coding Advices
----------------------

Functions Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can find the class documentation in the API Reference menu item.

Updating the Git Submodules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Git submodules play a major part in Cutter. This, because Cutter is powered
by radare2, its parent project, and it tries to stay up-to-date with its
recent version, which allows us to implement new features, and enjoy bug
fixes and performance improvements on radare2. Often, we need to update

> the radare2 submodule or the others, to push the most recent
> version of them to Cutter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the radare2 submodule or the others, to push their most recent
version to Cutter.
```
